{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red193\green193\blue193;\red24\green24\blue24;\red70\green137\blue204;
\red212\green214\blue154;\red89\green138\blue67;\red194\green126\blue101;\red140\green211\blue254;\red167\green197\blue152;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c33725\c61176\c83922;
\cssrgb\c86275\c86275\c66667;\cssrgb\c41569\c60000\c33333;\cssrgb\c80784\c56863\c47059;\cssrgb\c61176\c86275\c99608;\cssrgb\c70980\c80784\c65882;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Epic: Workflow Optimization & Intelligence\cb1 \
\cb3 User Story 11: Predictive Asset Readiness & Delivery Scheduling\cb1 \
\cb3 Summary: As a scheduling manager,\cf4 \strokec4  I want predictive analytics to forecast when assets will be ready for delivery based on historical data,\cf5 \strokec5  pipeline congestion,\cf6 \strokec6  and asset complexity,\cf7 \strokec7  so I can better align with marketing and distribution teams.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cb3 Acceptance Criteria:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 ML model predicts completion time for each asset based on past workflow metrics.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Automatically adjusts delivery schedules and notifies stakeholders when risks are detected.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Visualization of predicted vs actual timelines.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Related Tasks:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Build data ingestion from past fulfillment operations into data lake.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Integrate schedule optimizer with Jira tickets and milestones.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 User Story 12: Multi-Stage Approval Workflow with Conditional Gates\cb1 \
\cb3 Summary: As a workflow architect,\cf4 \strokec4  I want multi-stage,\cf5 \strokec5  conditional approval steps (e.g.,\cf6 \strokec6  QC,\cf7 \strokec7  editorial,\cf8 \strokec8  legal) with parallel review paths,\cf9 \strokec9  allowing only assets that pass all required checks to proceed automatically to the next stage.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cb3 Acceptance Criteria:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Assets routed automatically to appropriate reviewers based on content type,\cf4 \strokec4  value,\cf5 \strokec5  and risk level.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cb3 Conditional logic to split/join parallel paths (e.g.,\cf4 \strokec4  editorial and legal must both approve before packaging).\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cb3 Real-time reporting of approval bottlenecks.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Related Tasks:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Implement custom workflow schemas in Jira.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Script notification and approval bot integrations.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 User Story 13: Data Privacy and Content Redaction Pipeline\cb1 \
\cb3 Summary: As a privacy compliance manager,\cf4 \strokec4  I want an automated routine to scan,\cf5 \strokec5  flag,\cf6 \strokec6  and redact sensitive data (e.g.,\cf7 \strokec7  PII,\cf8 \strokec8  copyright-infringing material) in video/audio and metadata before processing or delivery.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cb3 Acceptance Criteria:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Scans assets for PII and other sensitive terms using AI-powered tools.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Manual and automated redaction workflows with change tracking.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Audit trail for all redaction actions.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Related Tasks:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Integrate content scanning APIs.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Build redaction plugin and reporting module.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 User Story 14: Advanced Search & Retrieval Across All Fulfillment Stages\cb1 \
\cb3 Summary: As an asset discovery analyst,\cf4 \strokec4  I want an advanced search feature that queries all historical and in-process assets,\cf5 \strokec5  filtering by metadata,\cf6 \strokec6  fulfillment status,\cf7 \strokec7  partner,\cf8 \strokec8  rights window,\cf9 \strokec9  and error state.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cb3 Acceptance Criteria:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Search returns assets from any stage of the pipeline with full metadata.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Faceted search and export of results.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Search indexed in near real-time as asset states change.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Related Tasks:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Build search backend optimized for media asset queries.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Integrate with front-end dashboards.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 User Story 15: Granular Role-Based Access and Delegation\cb1 \
\cb3 Summary: As an IT security administrator,\cf4 \strokec4  I want fine-grained,\cf5 \strokec5  role-based access control across all stages of the pipeline,\cf6 \strokec6  allowing temporary access delegation and strict audit logging to meet internal security and external compliance obligations.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cb3 Acceptance Criteria:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Permissions model supports custom roles per workflow stage.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Delegation of permissions must be time-bound and auditable.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Security audit log exportable for compliance reviews.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Related Tasks:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Integrate with SSO/identity providers.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Build permission and delegation management UI.\cb1 \
}